commit (remote-unit view)
Function

The commit command delivers configurations to RUs.
Format

commit { all | name remote-unit-name | interface interface-type interface-number }
Parameters
Parameter 	Description 	Value

all
	

Commits configurations of all RUs.
	

-

name remote-unit-name
	

Specifies the alias of an RU.
	

The value is a string of 1 to 32 case-sensitive characters without spaces.

interface interface-type interface-number
	

Specifies the type and number of an interface. The interface type and number can be closely next to each other or separated by a space character.
	

-
Views

remote-unit view
Default Level

3: Management level
Usage Guidelines

Usage Scenario

After configuring an RU by running commands on the central switch, such as the port rate, port isolation, port shutdown, and port negotiation, you need to run the commit command to deliver the configurations to the RU for the configurations to take effect.

The commit command can be run to deliver configurations to offline RUs. After an offline RU goes online, the central switch automatically applies the committed configurations to this RU.

Precautions

A central switch does not deliver configurations to RUs that fail to be authenticated or are not authenticated.

RUs do not save their configurations. After the central switch or an RU is restarted and works normally, the central switch preferentially delivers the configuration in the single RU view. If no configuration is available in the single RU view, the central switch delivers the configuration in the global RU view.

Follow-up Procedure

Run the display remote-unit commit configuration command to check the configurations that are successfully delivered to RUs, and run the display remote-unit commit result command to check configuration delivery results of RUs.
Example

# Deliver configurations to the RU connected to XGigabitEthernet0/0/1 on the central switch.

<HUAWEI> system-view
[HUAWEI] remote-unit 
[HUAWEI-remote-unit] commit interface XGigabitEthernet 0/0/1

