display remote-unit port statistics realtime
Function

The display remote-unit port statistics realtime command displays real-time traffic statistics about an interface on an RU.
Format

display remote-unit port [ port-id ] statistics { connect-interface interface-type interface-number | name remote-unit-name } realtime
Parameters
Parameter 	Description 	Value

port-id
	

Specifies the index of an interface on an RU.
	

The value is an integer that ranges from 1 to 34. If this parameter is not specified, statistics about all interfaces on the RU are displayed.

connect-interface interface-type interface-number
	

Specifies the type and number of an interface. The interface type and number can be closely next to each other or separated by a space character.
	

-

name remote-unit-name
	

Specifies the alias of an RU.
	

The value must be an existing RU alias.
Views

All views
Default Level

1: Monitoring level
Usage Guidelines

You can view the status and statistics of interfaces on an RU, including the interface physical status, basic configuration, and packet forwarding information. You can run this command when you need to collect real-time traffic statistics or diagnose faults on an interface in real time, or when you cannot locate faults according to the information reported by RUs at an interval of 60s.
Example

# Display real-time traffic statistics about interface 1 on the RU connected to XGigabitEthernet0/0/5 on the central switch

<HUAWEI> display remote-unit port 1 statistics  connect-interface XGigabitEthernet 0/0/5 realtime
ESN                :219801176601XXXXXXXX 
Name               :- 
Device type        :S5731-L8P2HT-RUA 
Connect interface  :XGigabitEthernet 0/0/5
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
GE1 current state : UP 
Speed: 1000,  Duplex: Full,  Negotiation: Enable,  Mode: Copper,  Congestion: No 
Input rate 0 bits/sec, 0 packets/sec 
Output rate 2294 bits/sec, 2 packets/sec 

Input: 0 packets, 0 bytes 
  Unicast:                          0,  Multicast:                           0 
  Broadcast:                        0,  Jumbo:                               0 
  Discard:                          0,  Pause:                               0 
  Frames:                           0 

  Total Error:                      0 
  CRC:                              0,  Giants:                              0 
  Runts:                            0,  DropEvents:                          0 
  Alignments:                       0,  Symbols:                             0 
  Ignoreds:                         0 

Output : 2719354134 packets, 503308078504 bytes 
  Unicast:                          0,  Multicast:                       50766 
  Broadcast:               2719303368,  Jumbo:                               0 
  Discard:                          0,  Pause:                               0 

  Total Error:                      0 
  Collisions:                       0,  Late Collisions:                     0 
  Deferreds:                        0 

    Input bandwidth utilization threshold : 80.00% 
    Output bandwidth utilization threshold: 80.00% 
    Last 60 seconds input utility rate : 0.00% 
    Last 60 seconds output utility rate: 0.00% 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Table 3-74 Description of the display remote-unit port statistics realtime command output

Item
	

Description

ESN
	

ESN of an RU.

Name
	

Alias of an RU. This field displays a hyphen (-) if an RU is not configured with an alias.

Device type
	

Device type of an RU.

Connect interface
	

Interconnection interface.

GEn current state
	

Physical status of the GEn interface on an RU.

    DOWN: indicates that a fault occurs at the physical layer of the interface. The possible cause can be that no terminal is connected to the interface or the interface is shut down.
    Up: indicates that the interface is physically Up.

Speed
	

Current rate of an interface.

    In auto-negotiation mode, this field displays the interface rate after auto-negotiation with terminals.
    In non-auto-negotiation mode, you can run the speed command to configure an interface rate.

Duplex
	

Duplex mode of an interface:

    Full: The interface works in full-duplex mode.
    Half: The interface works in half-duplex mode.

Negotiation
	

Auto-negotiation status of an interface. To configure auto-negotiation for an interface, you can run the negotiation auto command.

    Enable: The interface works in auto-negotiation mode.
    Disable: The interface works in non-auto negotiation mode.

Mode
	

Working mode of an interface:

    Copper: electrical mode
    Fiber: optical mode

Congestion
	

Congestion status of an RU interface:

    YES: The RU interface is congested.
    NO: The RU interface is not congested.

Input rate 0 bits/sec, 0 packets/sec
	

Rate of incoming packets on an interface.

Output rate 0 bits/sec, 0 packets/sec
	

Rate of outgoing packets on an interface.

Input
	

Total number of received packets.
NOTE:

    Packets that are longer than jumbo frames and have correct CRC values are counted in Jumbo statistics but not in Input statistics.
    An RU can forward a packet with a maximum size of 10240 bytes.

Output
	

Total number of sent packets.

Unicast
	

Number of unicast packets received or sent by an interface.

Multicast
	

Number of multicast packets received or sent by an interface.

Broadcast
	

Number of broadcast packets that are received or sent by the interface.

Jumbo
	

Statistics about outgoing packets on an interface. The following packets are counted:

    Ethernet frames longer than 1518 bytes and with correct FCS values

Statistics about incoming packets on an interface. The following packets are counted:

    Ethernet frames with the length greater than or equal to 1519 bytes and less than the maximum jumbo frame length and correct FCS values
    VLAN frames with the length greater than or equal to 1519 bytes and less than the maximum jumbo frame length and correct FCS values
    Packets with the length greater than the maximum jumbo frame length

Discard
	

Number of packets discarded by an interface during physical layer detection. A possible cause can be interface congestion.
NOTE:

Currently, an RU does not support this item, and the value is displayed as 0.

Frames
	
Number of packets with the incorrect 802.3 length received by an interface.
NOTE:

Currently, an RU does not support this item, and the value is displayed as 0.

Pause
	

Number of Pause frames.

Total Error
	

Number of error frames found during physical layer detection.

CRC
	

Number of packets longer than 63 bytes and with incorrect FCS values.

Giants
	

Number of received packets with the length exceeding the maximum jumbo frame length.
NOTE:

Currently, an RU does not support this item, and the value is displayed as 0. Such packets are counted in the Jumbo field.

Runts
	

Number of received undersized frames with correct CRC values. An undersized frame is a frame that is shorter than 64 bytes, in correct format, and contains a valid CRC field.
NOTE:

Packets with incorrect CRC values and the length shorter than 64 bytes are also counted in Runts.

DropEvents
	

Number of received packets that are discarded due to GBP full or back pressure.

Alignments
	

Number of received frames with alignment errors.
NOTE:

Currently, an RU does not support this item, and the value is displayed as 0.

Symbols
	

Number of received frames with coding errors.

Ignoreds
	

Number of received MAC control frames whose OpCode is not PAUSE.
NOTE:

If an RU interface receives an Ignoreds packet, the packet is not only counted as an Ignoreds packet, but also is counted as a unicast, multicast, or a broadcast packet. The total number of incoming packets on an interface has excluded repeated counts. Therefore, the statistics are correct.

Collisions
	

Number of collision frames. A collision frame is a packet that is not sent due to a detected collision.

Late Collisions
	

Number of deferred collision frames. A deferred collision frame is a frame that is delayed to be sent because of a deferred collision detected after the transmission of the frame first 512 bits.

Deferreds
	

Number of deferred packets. A deferred packet refers to a packet that is delayed due to a detected collision.

Input bandwidth utilization threshold
	

Threshold for the inbound bandwidth usage.

Output bandwidth utilization threshold
	

Threshold for the outbound bandwidth usage.

Last 60 seconds input utility rate
	

Inbound bandwidth usage within the last 60 seconds.

Last 60 seconds output utility rate
	

Outbound bandwidth usage within the last 60 seconds.
