upgrade cutoff-time
Function

The upgrade cutoff-time command sets the RU deployment end time. After this command is run, the firmware of the RUs that go online before the specified time will be automatically upgraded, and automatic RU firmware upgrade is disabled after the specified time.

The undo upgrade cutoff-time command deletes the configuration.

By default, no RU deployment end time is configured.
Format

upgrade cutoff-time YYYY/MM/DD HH:MM:SS

undo upgrade cutoff-time
Parameters
Parameter 	Description 	Value

YYYY/MM/DD
	

Specifies the date when RUs restart with firmware of the new version.
	

The value is in the 12-month format of YYYY/MM/DD. YYYY specifies the year, which ranges from 2000 to 2099. MM specifies the month, which ranges from 1 to 12. DD specifies the day, which ranges from 1 to 31.

HH:MM:SS
	

Specifies the time when RUs restart with firmware of the new version.
	

The value is in the 24-hour format of HH:MM:SS. HH indicates hours, and its value is an integer ranging from 0 to 23; MM indicates minutes, and its value is an integer ranging from 0 to 59; SS indicates seconds, and its value is an integer ranging from 0 to 59.
Views

remote-unit view
Default Level

2: Configuration level
Usage Guidelines

Usage Scenario

This command is applicable to the deployment scenario. The deployment process usually lasts for several days, during which RUs may be connected to the central switch successively. You can run this command to specify the deployment end time (based on the system time of the central switch), so that the firmware of all RUs is automatically upgraded when the specified time is reached. As such, you do not need to run the upgrade right-now command to upgrade RU firmware each time a new RU is connected to the central switch. After this command is run, the firmware of the RUs that go online before the specified time will be automatically upgraded, and automatic RU firmware upgrade is disabled after the specified time.

Precautions

After you run the upgrade cutoff-time command to configure the RU deployment time, other upgrade commands that have been configured are overwritten. That is, all RUs that go online before the specified deployment time will immediately restart with firmware of the new version.
Example

# Set the time when RUs restart with firmware of the new version in the deployment scenario.

<HUAWEI> system-view
[HUAWEI] remote-unit
[HUAWEI-remote-unit] upgrade cutoff-time 2022/05/31 00:00:00

